fix(QueryBuilder): export types and default values (#3751)
lumada-design/hv-uikit-react: docs/overview/migration/MigrationV5.stories.mdx

  - [Time Picker](#time-picker)
  - [Table Renderer - Expand Column](#table-renderer-expand-column)
  - [Drawer](#drawer)

>   - [Query Builder](#query-builder)

Reviewer: Regarding the migration guide I think we should also add the renamed types and defaults values in the "Renamed components and types" table to maintain consistency 🙏

- The deprecated props `hours`, `minutes`, and `seconds` were removed.
  - Users should now use either `defaultValue` or `value` to set the time, in an uncontrolled or controlled way respectively (which follows the `HvTimePickerValue` type).
- The `HvTimePickerValue` no longer has the `period` property, as it uses the 24-hour format for consistency

### Query Builder <a id="query-builder" />

- All of the types exported from this component now have the `HvQueryBuilder` prefix. (e.g. the type: `Attribute` is now `HvQueryBuilderAttribute`).

> - The default values from this component have also change to have a `hvQueryBuilder` prefix. (e.g. `defaultLabels` is now `hvQuerybuilderDefaultLabels`)

Reviewer: Just a typo:

```suggestion
- The default values from this component have also changed (...)
```
